MAX Encoder blue dot jumping
 To check the general printer and encoder settings, can you please send us the printer.ini of this machine?

To get that file, please open Composer, click New Build, click your target printer, then click the blue globe icon in the top right corner, a web browser will open, please go to the tab System Information and you will see View Printer.ini. Right-click that file and click Save Target As/ Save Link As to download the text file. Please then attach the file to this ticket.

Further on, whenever you zero the encoders, is it always the same encoder [ENCODER NUMBER] that causes the issue? 
Does the dot always move to the [DIRECTION DOT MOVES] corner after you zero the encoders repeatedly?

The question is whether the issue is with the actual encoder or with the connector on the encoder board.

1. It's possible that the wires on the encoder either are not inserted far enough or are inserted too far so the insulation prevents a reliable reading or one of the wires could be damaged or broken.
So you can disconnect that encoder from the board and have a close look at all the wires, and check for the above. 
Please see attached pictures. 
Picture 02 shows what it looks like when a wire is inserted too deep (red wire). Picture 04 shows how the wires are all seating properly.
If you want to reseat the wires, insert a thin object as seen in picture 03 to open the contacts and reseat the wire.

In your case, you need to inspect encoder [ENCODER NUMBER].


2. If you still have issues, you can swap around 2 encoders on the encoder board, for example encoders [AFFECTED ENCODER AND OTHER ENCODER].
Then go back to the encoder menu and zero the encoders repeatedly, and see if the encoder still moves to the [DIRECTION] corner, or if the dot starts moving to the [DIRECTION] corner.

- If the encoder starts moving to the [DIRECTION] corner, then the issue is with the actual position encoder and we can send a replacement

- If after swapping the encoders, the dot still moves to the [DIRECTION] corner, then the issue is with the connector on the encoder board, and we will need to exchange the encoder board
