PRO4K Heater causes issues
 There are two plugs on the power distribution board, one is for the right side, one is for the left. Please try running the heater when the left side is plugged in, and the right side is unplugged.
Then try the right side plugged in, and the left side unplugged. (arrows to plugs in photo 1)

If having one side plugged in makes the printer turn off, please verify that the other side will run ok without the printer turned off.

This will isolate the issue to either the left side or the right side.

The problem could then be the heater element or the heater board on that side.

Plug in both power plugs on the power distribution board, and unplug the heater element for the side that was causing the shutdown issue. (circled in photo 2)

This will mean the board on the faulty side is powered, but the heater element is not.

Run the heater again to check if the printer shuts down, if it does, it will be the heater board causing the issue, if not, it will be the heater element (resistor).

Please let us know your testing results.


IF PROJECTOR HAS NOT BEEN RULED OUT AS POSSIBLE FAULT (IE HEATER FAULT WAS NOT VERIFIED WITH PROJECTOR UNPLUGGED):

Since the problem cannot be attributed to one side or the other of the heaters, the heaters are probably fine, and the shutdown issue would be related to current draw.

It is possible that the projector in the background is drawing excessive power, and adding the electrical load of the heater goes past a certain point.

If you unplug the projector power plugs, and repeat your test on the heaters, (unplugging them one at the time, and with both plugged in) do you get the same results as before?

If you do not, the fault could be the projector was drawing excessive power in the background, and it is the culprit. Please check the log files for i2c errors, which are one of the precursor signs that the projector is causing power issues.

If you do, then the power supply is probably unable to supply the power needed by the heating circuit, and is needing to be replaced.

Please let us know your testing results so we can determine which replacement part to send, thanks.
